(Narrator) In a betrayal of epic
proportions, Squad Four hunts
down Akari and Michelle,
as test specimens. And while a
multinational crew unites to
signal Earth for help,
the terraformars strike.
Sparks fly between the
terraformars, survivors, and
traitorous Squad Four.
Meanwhile, the ruthless Bao has
succeeded in capturing Akari and
Michelle.
Thanks to him, Yaeko finds
herself in the middle of a swarm
of terraformars,
and the badly injured Alex can't
help but scramble to her rescue.
Now, as dread seems to push out
all hope,
Joseph, the leader of Squad Six,
arrives with a curious flourish.
What? How did? What?
Don't you worry.
Your passion and elegant love
called loud and clear.
Alex is gone. And Yaeko!
Where are you, Joe?
What's taking you so long?
[Grunts]
(Michelle) We need you.
I'm here now.
Where are...?
Where are this guy's clothes?
[Pained Groan] Hold on, he
hasn't mutated yet. That's his
natural body?
Now then. [Grunts]
W-w-w-w-wait wait wait. Just
slow down now.
(Yaeko) Is he a sex maniac
with rippling abs?
[Panicked Sounds]
Found it.
Huh?
I have one syringe of avian
serum left.
(Joseph) He is an avian, isn't
he?
That's right.
Hurry. Every second counts.
There's a 50/50 chance he'll
make a full recovery.
Okay. [Pained Noise]
[Exhales]
[Chuckles]
[Groans]
This is the Roman Federation
guy...
The leader of Squad Six.
What's he doing here?
Joo.
[All] Joo, jo, joo.
(Yaeko) They're coming!
I'll take care of them.
[Gasps]
(Yaeko) You'll take care of
them?
(Yaeko) You mean you're gonna
fight all these terraformars,
alone?
(Yaeko) Wait, what are you
doing? Are you meditating?
[Inhales]
Snap out of it!
Kay.
Hmph!
Come get some!
Who wants to die?
[Gasps]
[Grunting]
[Exhales]
(Yaeko) I remember something
Michelle once said.
(Michelle) Joe?
Oh, yeah, Joe. The track and
field star. I first saw him on
TV.
(Michelle) In his junior year of
high school, at the age of 17,
he won the gold medal in the
world decathlon.
People called him the "King of
Athletes."
(Michelle) But that's not the
whole story.
After graduating, he quit track
and field.
He studied for exams, got high
marks, and earned a spot in the
EU's top university.
He then attended an elite air
force academy, and graduated
at the top of his class.
Earning him an air force
officer's rank,
and master's degrees in biology
and aeronautics.
His success is a testament to
his intellect and grit,
but he got a lot of help from
people in high places.
Of course, it also doesn't hurt
that he comes from a noble
family.
Hmph!
[Screams]
[Grunts]
So long, roaches.
Yaeko, hold on
tight, like this.
Now take us to full power. And
don't let your hand slow us
down.
Time to catch up with Michelle.
[Screams]
They're charging us!
Then we'll just
go through them!
You...You're gonna fight them
from there?
Just hold on, I'm coming
Michelle.
[Growls]
(Michelle) I've heard rumors
that his family has in a way
engineered itself to perfection.
Supposedly for centuries,
members have picked spouses not
for their wealth, connections,
race, or nationality.
They've based their selection on
three factors alone:
Looks, talent, and resistance to
disease.
In other words, his family has
engaged in selective breeding.
For starters, they're working
with the mightiest predator in
the animal kingdom: humans.
With the endurance and lung
capacity to run 42 kilometers an
hour at full speed,
the throwing power that drove
the mammoth to extinction,
the intelligence of a person
with an IQ of 186,
an accelerated metabolism
capable of immediate digestion
and absorption of nutrients.
The ability to create any kind
of military weapon, and use it
like a master.
(Joseph) It's taken 600 years...
Behold the pinnacle of humanity!
(Joseph) A human being created
in the perfect image of God!
[Grunts]
[Gasps]
(Yaeko) Wow...
We caught up already? [Gasps]
They're getting close! [Groans]
The Mosaic Organ procedure for
military combatants...
(Michelle) depends on the
individual's innate strength and
abilities.
So there was never any doubt. We
knew he'd be the strongest.
Huh?
[All] Huh?
(Michelle) He is Rank 1.
[Grunts]
(Michelle) M.A.R.S. Ranking 1.
(Michelle) Humanity in its
ultimate form: Joseph G. Newton.
Hmph!
It's about time.
[Exhales]
Joe...
Wait, Michelle. Sit tight for a
moment, please. This will all be
over soon.
Who is this guy?
I guarantee I can save you.
Thanks, but no thanks. Even if
it means fighting Rank 1...
My objective remains the same,
capture and deliver First and
Second.
Wow, are you sure you want to
take me on? Because this isn't
exactly an even fight.
[Surprised Noise]
Hmph!
[Grunts]
What do you think? Can Joseph
take this guy down?
A number of factors will
determine who will win.
(Michelle) First, the
terraformars. They're attacking
them during the battle.
(Michelle) With his back to the
roaches, Bao is at a
disadvantage.
(Akari) Right, but these two are
really swinging their swords.
(Akari) That puts Joseph at a
disadvantage since his weapon's
heavier.
(Michelle) And then there's each
weapon's range.
(Michelle) Joe's got the longer
blade, so he wins there, but...
(Akari) Air resistance! Plus the
laws of inertia.
(Akari) Since he's standing
upwind, Bao has that advantage.
[Grunts]
[Gasps]
He abandoned his sword?
(Bao) That's an odd way to
regroup.
You can't escape.
[Inhales]
[Sighs] And here I thought you'd
know to be more careful...
Huh?
Or did you just forget?
[Gasps]
Ah!
(Joseph) Terraformars are quite
particular about which victims
they like to target.
They especially like the
wounded. People on their own.
Women.
And those with tools or weapons.
[Grunts]
This is bad, real bad. I need to
use the serum to heal my wounds.
But how do I buy myself time to
do that?
[Grunts] No, Michelle!
[Grunts]
(Bao) If I kick First out of the
vehicle...
That'll attract the
terraformars.
[Grunts]
Asshole. What do you think
you're doing?
Ah!
Hey, what were you thinking?
[Gasps]
[Grunting] How?
How did I do that?
If you're thinking about that
right when you're dying, you're
truly deranged.
(Joseph) Could you be one of
those hardshell types who can
regenerate limbs?
Then again, your chance of
surviving this is more or less
nil.
And if you do and you decide to
come after Michelle again...
I'll chop you up into bloody
pulp!
[Grunts]
Huh...
[Sighs] I can't regenerate from
this.
[Grunts]
Hmm?
Joo.
So you've got my sword-wielding
hand in your crosshairs, huh?
(Joseph) I'm starting to get it!
[Grunts]
To you terraformars, this sword
might as well be the legendary
blade Kusanagi.
A symbol of power forged by the
Great Other and made your own.
(Joseph) But I wonder about your
intellect.
This ability to learn in a
unique, isolated environment.
Is it a product of nature, or
the handiwork of the gods of
Rahab?
It is fascinating.
But alas, I can't let your
filthy feelers anywhere near
this sword.
[Grunts]
Go on, chase after this!
(Joseph) Michelle, we're gonna
be running for a while.
Joe, one thing...
Huh? Wait, hold up, I can't
fight this many of them!
Even if I am super strong and
stuff, I'm guaranteed to fail if
I try that!
And that's saying a lot coming
from Rank 1!
No, Joe. What happened to the
crew of Squad Six?
[Gasps]
See these shots? All those
blasts of water they keep trying
to fire at us.
That was the ability of M.A.R.S.
Rank 11.
She was our banded archerfish.
Seems to me we lost her.
[Sighs]
(Joseph) Her name was Marcia.
She didn't have as much range as
whoever's firing at us now .
Squad Six was attacked right
after we landed.
(Joseph) On the first night they
surrounded us. I had to make a
hard choice.
I knew I couldn't protect
everyone,
so I used aggregation pheromones
to lure a huge army of them to
come after me.
To take care of the
non-combatants in our squad,
I arranged their evacuation in
an escape vehicle.
And I left Marcia and one other
in charge.
I thought I'd drawn away most of
the terraformars, but apparently
that wasn't the case.
I'm sorry.
But you don't have to worry!
I threw away all of my
pheromone-soaked clothing.
That explains where
your shirt went.
So he's not a pervert?
Please, you'll have to forgive
me. Looking at my body like this
must be quite arousing.
Nah, it's not arousing.
Not at all.
[Chuckling] You might even find
it hard to control yourselves.
(Joseph) It's understandable
with my pheromones.
(Michelle) Hadn't noticed.
(Joseph) Yaeko, make sure you
give some of the serum to these
two.
Huh?
You can move now, right?
Uhh, okay!
Tell me, Joe. Exactly how did
you know where to find all of
us?
[Chuckles] Easy, I saw the
signal.
The smoke signal revealed our
location?
(Akari) But it brought all those
terraformars, too.
(Joseph) Plus, I followed that
terrible smell, whew!
Hmph.
[Yelps]
Uhh, sorry!
No problem. All good, thanks.
It's funny, just a moment ago I
was suspicious of this guy.
(Akari) So many have tried to
betray us.
(Akari) I thought he might want
us to stay injured so he could
capture us.
(Akari) Or maybe he wouldn't
untie the ropes.
(Akari) Right now, I'm just
grateful to be alive.
(Akari) Because today...
(Akari) Today I thought I was
gonna die. More than a few
times!
But we did lose the cockroaches
though, right?
(Joseph) Yeah, we're good.
[Sighs] Before the serum, water.
That first.
Here.
Yaeko, I'm glad you're safe.
So am I.
I'm glad too, truly.
(Joseph) When we use the serum
to mutate and heal,
we destroy our human tissue and
replace it with that of another
organism.
There's a price to pay for this
regeneration.
The serum damages in the long
term, it shortens the human
lifespan.
(Joseph) Michelle, what happened
to the serum assigned to you?
I used it all.
Hmph.
I know about the effects.
Are you saying you fought until
you ran out of serum?
You poor thing, how painful!
But have no fear!
[Exhales]
(Joseph) For I, Rank 1, am here!
The model of human perfection!
The human race's most powerful
warrior stands here, sword in
hand!
To protect you, Michelle!
Talk about good luck! It's so
great to have Rank 1 here to
defend us. Right?
Yeah.
Hmm.
Huh?
On my honor, from here on,
Rank 1 fights beside you.
And when this is over, and we
finally get back to Earth,
I want you to think about
sharing a future with me.
[Spits]
[Grunts]
Oh!
[Chuckles]
Uhh.
(Snorresson) On Mars, the actors
are finally in place.
It's been a long time in the
making, don't you agree, Petra?
You mean, now?
Yes. By my calculations,
our Joe is gathering dozens of
samples of the A.E. virus at
this very moment.
Great. But let's talk about
things here on Earth.
Your government has been asked
to join the allied operation
against Branch Office 4.
(Petra) As proposed by Prime
Minister Hiruma of Japan. Are
you in?
Well now, I'm not so sure.
(Someya) This room Rome prepared
is completely soundproof.
They're being pretty careful.
Hey, Tacchan. Something
just occurred to me:
Why isn't the group on Mars
getting sick from the A.E.
virus?
Huh?
No one made a big deal about the
fact that they didn't have
masks.
So I didn't think about
it back then.
(Kyo) But from what I've heard,
the terraformars up there carry
the killer virus, right?
Just being honest here, I don't
get it.
Is there some sort of connection
between this abnormal virus...
(Kyo) And the Mosaic Organ
Program?
(Michelle) Come on, Joe. You
said the exact same thing to me
like four days after we met.
Oh?!
What, he did?!
Spending a life together? You
shouldn't joke around about that
stuff.
Oh, it is no joke! All that I
say, when I look into your eyes,
is seriously serious, and
seriously real!
Hmph!
I must say it now, or I'll
burst!
Because every moment's precious
and we don't know for sure if
we'll live to see another day!
I couldn't protect my crew, but
I promise you...Sweet Michelle.
I will make a vaccine to save
Earth, and get you back home
safe and sound. When I do that,
I want you to marry me.
Did he just propose to her?!
Piss off, egomaniac.
That's what I want to say but,
he saved my team!
[Exhales]
Uhh.
I need you.
Um, well, I mean, here's an
idea.
I'll give you a good spot on the
list of candidates. How's that
sound?
[Jealous Scream]
[Dramatic Scream]
That sounds great!
Once we get back to Earth we'll
start with a romantic dinner.
Just us!
Uh, or lunch? Yeah, lunch!
It'd be even more fun with the
team. Right Akari?
Uhh.
Right?
Uh, yeah?
(Michelle) We can all have
lunch.
(Joseph) In a sexy bar!
(Michelle) A cafe.
(Joseph) In a private room!
(Michelle) On the terrace.
(Marcos) Okay everyone, it's
almost time.
[Gasps]
They're on the move. The crew
from Squad Four is leaving the
Annex 1.
Good. We can sneak in when
they're not looking.
[Gasps]
Well, well! What do we have
here?
(Marcos) No matter how many
come, I will kill them all!